=head1 NAME

gcap - Youtube closed caption downloader

=head1 SYNOPSIS

gcap [-i] [-t] [-r E<lt>regexpE<gt>] [E<lt>urlE<gt> | E<lt>video_idE<gt>]
    [--proxy E<lt>addrE<gt> | --no-proxy]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

gcap is a command line tool for downloading Youtube closed captions.
The downloaded closed captions are saved in SubRip (srt) file format.
The srt files are saved as "$videoid_$langid.srt" by default.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<--help>

Print help and exit.

=item B<--version>

Print version and exit.

=item B<-q, --quiet>

Be quiet.

=item B<-i, --interactive>

Enable interactive prompt which can be used to select the downloaded
closed captions. By default gcap downloads all available captions
without prompting.

=item B<-t, --title>

Parse video title and use it in the output filename(s) instead of
video ID. The default is no.

=item B<-r, --regexp>=arg

Cleanup video title using the specified I<arg> regular expression.
The default is "/(\w|\s)/g".

=item B<--proxy> I<arg>

Use I<arg> for HTTP proxy, e.g. "http://foo:1234". Overrides the http_proxy
environment setting.

=item B<--no-proxy>

Disable use of HTTP proxy. Overrides both C<--proxy> and http_proxy environment
settings.

=back

=head1 EXAMPLES

=over 4

=item B<gcap 0QRO3gKj3qw>

=item B<gcap "http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0QRO3gKj3qw">

Both yield the same results.

=back

=head1 EXIT STATUS

Exits 0 on success, otherwise 1.

=head1 FILES

=over 4

=item $HOME/.gcaprc, for example:

echo "--interactive" >> ~/.gcaprc

=back

=head1 NOTES

=over 4

=item B<Availability>

The following error message produced by gcap (or the XML::DOM module)
typically indicates that the video does not have any closed captions
available for it (URL omitted for brewity):

  Couldn't parsefile [...] with LWP: no element found at line 1,
  column 0, byte -1 at [...]/XML/Parser.pm [...]

=item B<http_proxy>

gcap depends on XML::DOM which uses LWP::UserAgent to download
the data. Note that LWP::UserAgent reads http_proxy environment
setting. e.g.:

  env http_proxy=http://foo:1234 gcap video_id

=back

=head1 WWW

E<lt>http://gcap.googlecode.com/E<gt>

E<lt>http://repo.or.cz/w/gcap.gitE<gt>

=head1 AUTHOR

Toni Gundogdu E<lt>legatvs gmail comE<gt>
